Add ability to split shards (#26931)

This change adds a new `_split` API that allows to split indices into a new
index with a power of two more shards that the source index.  This API works
alongside the `_shrink` API but doesn't require any shard relocation before
indices can be split.

The split operation is conceptually an inverse `_shrink` operation since we
initialize the index with a _syntetic_ number of routing shards that are used
for the consistent hashing at index time. Compared to indices created with
earlier versions this might produce slightly different shard distributions but
has no impact on the per-index backwards compatibility.  For now, the user is
required to prepare an index to be splittable by setting the
`index.number_of_routing_shards` at index creation time.  The setting allows the
user to prepare the index to be splittable in factors of
`index.number_of_routing_shards` ie. if the index is created with
`index.number_of_routing_shards: 16` and `index.number_of_shards: 2` it can be
split into `4, 8, 16` shards. This is an intermediate step until we can make
this the default. This also allows us to safely backport this change to 6.x.

The `_split` operation is implemented internally as a DeleteByQuery on the
lucene level that is executed while the primary shards execute their initial
recovery. Subsequent merges that are triggered due to this operation will not be
executed immediately. All merges will be deferred unti the shards are started
and will then be throttled accordingly.

This change is intended for the 6.1 feature release but will not support pre-6.1
indices to be split unless these indices have been shrunk before. In that case
these indices can be split backwards into their original number of shards.
