Support unique names for embedded databases

Development teams often encounter errors with embedded databases if
their test suite inadvertently attempts to recreate additional
instances of the same database. This can happen quite easily if an XML
configuration file or @Configuration class is responsible for creating
an embedded database and the corresponding configuration is then reused
across multiple testing scenarios within the same test suite (i.e.,
within the same JVM process) -- for example, integration tests against
embedded databases whose ApplicationContext configuration only differs
with regard to which bean definition profiles are active.

The root cause of such errors is the fact that Spring's
EmbeddedDatabaseFactory (used internally by both the
<jdbc:embedded-database> XML namespace element and the
EmbeddedDatabaseBuilder for Java Config) will set the name of the
embedded database to "testdb" if not otherwise specified. For the case
of <jdbc:embedded-database>, the embedded database is typically
assigned a name equal to the bean's id. Thus, subsequent attempts to
create an embedded database will not result in a new database. Instead,
the same JDBC connection URL will be reused, and attempts to create a
new embedded database will actually point to an existing embedded
database created from the same configuration.

This commit addresses this common issue by introducing support for
generating unique names for embedded databases. This support can be
enabled via:

 - EmbeddedDatabaseFactory.setGenerateUniqueDatabaseName()

 - EmbeddedDatabaseBuilder.generateUniqueName()

 - <jdbc:embedded-database generate-name="true" ... >

Issue: SPR-8849
